Channel category updates (#5250)
mattermost/docs: source/messaging/channel-settings.rst

  :target: https://mattermost.com/deploy
  :alt: Available for Mattermost Self-Hosted deployments.

> Notification preferences, channel header, channel purpose, and channel name are customizable for each channel. To access these settings, select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize notification preferences, channel header, channel purpose, and channel name for each channel you're in. To access these settings, select
```
